Welcome to Baria Temple International Church's Podcast.
I am your host Timothy, and we're here together on this beautiful day to hear from God.
So let's all prepare ourselves to receive what God has in store for us today.
Let's begin.
We're gonna continue into our series.
We are, and of course we are assemblies of God,
We're building out an identity statement for this year, and so we have worked through the fact that we are AG, we are AG church members, and we are AG church members who can offer hope and healing to our community.
So that is who we are, but today our message is gonna turn, and it's gonna take us into a very critical area in all of our lives.
our pocketbook, our wallet, our finances.
Over the past few weeks, we focused on how we as a church can extend hope and healing to those around us.
We've discussed the importance of understanding God's heart for the city of St. Louis.
We've looked at overcoming fear with faith because our city needs to know that God loves them.
Our city needs to know that our God has a heart for them by name.
And our city needs to know that our God can overcome any fear.
That faith in our God can overcome any trial, any tribulation that they're
going to be going through.
But today, I want us to turn the spotlight inward and recognize our ability to offer hope and healing to our community.
It has to begin by ensuring that our own hearts and minds are aligned with the truths of God's Word, especially in the area of stewardship and trust.
And so today, we're going to talk about offering
economic hope.
What is one of the trials that our city is battling?
What is one of the needs that is going on in the heart of St. Louis?
We are a church in the heart of the city with a heart for the city.
We talked about that last week.
That is an old Berea temple slogan from many, many, many years ago.
And I think it's as important today as it was back then.
And when we talk about having a heart for the city, what are the problems?
What are the things that are at the heart of the city?
And one of them is economic situation, the hardship that many of our friends and neighbors are going through.
The truth is we can't effectively lead others if we ourselves are struggling to manage what God has entrusted to us.
Just as a doctor needs to be healthy to care for their patients, they can't be coming in and going with an immunocompromised patient, right?
Where are my medical people?
Okay?
Just like the doctor can't be doing that, we have to be healthy.
We need to be spiritually grounded, practically grounded.
so that we can lead by example in our community.
And so today our message is going to talk about or is going to be positioning ourselves to be effective witnesses in St. Louis, first by taking care of our financial health and stewardship.
When we trust God and his provision, and we manage our resources well,
We not only secure our well-being, but we equip ourselves to be tangible hope and healing to those around us.
And I know that you're thinking, how in the world are we gonna make this turn?
But I promise we're gonna get there.
When we talk about being able to be salt and light, to offer hope and healing to a city, there's an old phrase, I'm gonna take the doctor thing again, and it says, physician heal thyself.
What does that mean?
It means, hey, before you start looking at me and you start picking apart my life, take a look at your own life first.
The Bible says, why worry about the speck in your brother's eye when you have a plank in your own eye.
And so for us today, we're gonna take a very practical look at how we can be witnesses to our community, but we've got to get our own stuff in order first.
So I want us today to explore how as AG church members, we're called to be light in this area, not only spiritual offering spiritual hope, but also practical support to our community.
And I want us to explore how as AG church members, we can trust God's provision, we can practice biblical stewardship and empower others by leading through our example in the areas of economic hope.
It's that simple, but we're going to break it down and we're going to kind of pull it two together.
And so the first thing that we need to do if we want to be effective witnesses, offering hope and healing to our city, to the city of St. Louis, is that we need to be trusting in God's provision ourselves.
Because if we don't trust in God's provision, there's no way for us to communicate that to a lost and dying world.
We're not, it's all gonna be word.
Bible says, it'll sound like clanging symbols.
You ever listen to somebody like that, they come and they start talking to you about Amway?
Well, you know, I've got a mentor who would love to meet with you.
And if you've got just a little bit of time, I'd love to schedule a meeting.
Listen, we've got meetings back to back, but I think I can get you in this afternoon to meet with my mentor.
And what's going on in your head?
Your target, your Walmart, and all of a sudden you got bamboozled by this person.
And you're trying to get everything done.
And you know it's a set up, right?
You know what's coming.
And all of a sudden, you're just all you're like, I gotta go.
You're like, would you please just stop talking so I can tell you no and I can go away?
And it's just that clanging.
That's how the world hears us.
If we don't know what we're talking about, if we don't have that spirit living inside of us, if we haven't taken care of our own business, then that's what we sound like to a lost and dying world is nothing but clanging symbol.
So trusting in God's provision on the communion table,
I placed an empty jar today.
And I want you to imagine for a moment that the jar represents your life, your finances, or maybe even your own heart right now.
Right now it's empty.
When we look at it, it's easy to focus on what's missing, what we don't have, what we're lacking, and fear
and the fear that comes along with that emptiness, that void, if you will.
We've all been there.
We've looked at our bank accounts.
We've looked at job prospects.
We've looked at relationships.
We've felt the weight of emptiness somewhere in our lives.
A pastor, I know, shares a story of a time when in his life, when he was facing a financial crisis,
both personally and in the church.
The bills were piling up and the income wasn't coming in as expected and honestly he didn't know what to do.
It felt like he was staring at an empty jar every day wondering how it would ever be filled.
And so one night late, he woke up because of that worry.
that stirring and it woken up.
And he begins to go downstairs and he begins to pray.
And God brought to his mind Philippians chapter four and verse 19.
Says, at this time, and this same God who takes care of me will supply all your needs from his glorious riches, which have been given to us in Christ Jesus.
Somebody needed to hear that verse today.
Somebody needed to be reminded.
And this same God who takes care of me will supply all of your needs from his glorious riches which have been given to us in Christ Jesus.
In what?
In the name of Jesus.
We just sang about it.
What a wonderful name it is because it supplies all of my needs according to his riches and glory.
And at the moment, my pastor friend, at the moment he stated that he felt God asking him,
do you trust me to fill your jar?"
It wasn't an easy question because, like many of us, he was used to relying on his own strength, his own plans.
But that night, he decided to take a step of faith and he asked God to fill his jar, not just financially, but spiritually, emotionally, and in every aspect of his life, Lord, fill me.
Fill me to overflowing, and over the following weeks and months, he saw God's provision in ways that he never expected.
It wasn't always immediate or in the ways that he thought it would happen, but God was faithful.
And what he realized was this, that when we trust God to fill our jars, he doesn't just add a little here and there.
He overflows it with his grace, with his provision, and with his blessing.
Now I said it was a pastor that related this story.
This is actually my pastor growing up.
When I was a very small young man, this was a story my pastor told to us.
And God continued to bless him and he blessed.
By the time I met my pastor, he was a man of faith and power and knew how to touch the heart of God and bring the people that he pastored into that presence.
See, when we talk about being salt and light, when we talk about being able to trust God in His provision, we need to understand that God is our ultimate provider.
We need to understand that provision isn't just by our own hands.
Yes, He asks us to put our hands to the plow, but our ultimate provision comes from Him.
Paul assured the church of the
at Philippi in our passage that we have to trust that God sees our needs and has the power to supply him in a city where many people struggle with financial insecurity.
It's crucial to recognize that God is our ultimate source of provision.
When we talk about being hope and healing for our city, we need to be able to point them not to a government program, not to a handout, not to another service, but we need to be able to provide them and point them to the one who creates things out of nothing.
We need to be able to point them to the ultimate provider of all things, both physical, tangible need, but also the emptiness that is going on inside of their heart.
We need to be able to point them to
Jesus, Matthew chapter six, verses 31 and through 33 says, so don't worry about these things, saying what will we eat, what will we drink, what will we wear.
These things dominate the thoughts of unbelievers, but your heavenly father knows all your needs.
Seek the kingdom of God above all else and live righteously and he'll give you everything that you need.
We need to tell people if you will live righteously, if you will
seek Jesus, then the provision will come according to his riches and glory.
Let's not worry about the dollar amount today.
Let's worry about the void that is in our heart.
Let's worry about the empty jar that is inside of us that needs to be filled.
And if we can point them to Jesus to fill the emptiness of the jar and the emptiness of our heart, the emptiness of our spirit, then he'll provide.
for the bank account, he'll provide for the job, he'll provide for the relationship, he'll provide for whatever need we have according to his will.
Jesus tells us in a passage we just read not to worry about what we're gonna eat or wear, but to seek him first and all of these things will be given to us as well.
It is an assurance, it's not just spiritual, but it's practical because God provides for every aspect
of our life.
He doesn't just go, hey, listen, I'm the guy who deals with the spiritual part.
You know, you'll have to work out the food things from somewhere else.
That's a different department.
That's a different situation.
No, he says, listen, if you'll let me deal with the spiritual, I promise you I'll deal with the rest of it.
See to understand
that we need to understand who God is and what his provision is.
We've got to be able to cultivate a heart of gratitude and commitment.
Trusting God's provision leads to a heart of gratitude.
It doesn't matter if we have much, it doesn't matter if we have little.
We learn to be content in every circumstance, whether we have plenty or in want.
Look at our passage, Philippians chapter four, verses 11 to 13.
Says, this is Paul, and he's answering this exact thing.
He says, now that I was ever in need for I have learned how to be content with whatever I have, I know how to live on almost nothing or with everything.
I have learned the secret of living in every situation, whether it is with full stomach or empty, with plenty or little, for I can do everything through Christ who gives me strength.
I've learned to do with little.
I've learned to do with plenty.
See, it's this same situation.
It's the same way that we are called to find commitment and express gratitude, regardless of what the bank account says.
Who has the final say our worship team saying today?
No matter what the money says, no matter what the bank account says, who has the final say?
No, come on now.
Who has the final say?
There we go.
Whose name is greater than all other names?
Amen.
We got to get better on that response thing.
But we'll keep going.
See, gratitude fosters a spirit of generosity.
And this is foundational.
Gratitude.
is foundational.
Spirit of generosity is foundational to Christian stewardship.
When we recognize God's provision, we are more likely to share it with others, furthering his kingdom on earth.
They have done study after study, after study, after study of people and happiness.
Do you know who the most happy people are?
It's typically the people with very little.
They tend to share more, they tend to give more, and they tend to be happier about it.
They may not have a large bank account.
Some of the most miserable people, according to these studies, are the people who have a ton.
Because they can do whatever they want, and they're not finding happiness with it.
There are mega millionaires who right now, as we speak, are making millions every minute.
yet can't find a spouse who would love them for them, can't find a situation where they find true joy.
They're looking for, as we've spoken many times, at the bottom of a bottle, in the barrel of a needle or a straw stuck in their nose.
Because money doesn't, I know this is old, but money doesn't by happiness.
Our Creator provides happiness.
He is the source of our joy.
Today, as you look at the empty jar, I want you to ask yourself, what area of your life feels empty?
What are you struggling to trust God with?
As we trust in God's provision, He promises to meet our needs according to His riches, not ours.
I want us to take our empty jars, whatever they may be, our hearts, our pocketbooks, our relationship, whatever it is.
And I want us to trust God to fill them beyond whatever we could ever imagine.
Asking, testing.
God, I need you.
I need you to fill my jar, my relationship jar.
And I need it to fill the overflowing.
God, I need you to fix a relationship that has been broken for years.
And I need you to fill it to overflow.
God, I need you to put money in our bank account because there's a bill coming at the end of this year.
And right now, there's nothing there.
Testing, asking.
Very often I'll inform people or I'll ask people when they come to the altar, they'll come for prayer.
And they'll say, you know, I want to ask God for healing or I want to ask God to fill me with the Holy Spirit or whatever.
And they'll come to the altar and they'll stand just like this.
And they'll go, okay, pastor, pray for me.
Okay, can I wait your head with oil?
Yes, okay.
And I have to whisper in their ear.
Raise your hands.
Begin to speak.
Pray yourself.
We're here for support.
We're here to lift up.
We're here to lift your arms as you seek the Lord.
There has to be a step on your part.
So if you need God to fill an empty jar today, take the step of faith and ask Him.
We have not because we ask not.
If there's something missing, if the jar is empty, ask Him.
asking to fill the jar.
The second thing that we can do to be effective witnesses in offering hope and healing to our city, to the city of St. Louis is we need to be practicing biblical stewardship.
Proverbs chapter three, verses nine to 10 says, honor the Lord with your wealth and with the best part of everything you produce.
Then he will fill your barns with grain and your vats will overflow with good wine.
We call this the principle of the first fruits.
Biblical stewardship begins with honoring God with our first fruits.
This means giving God the first and the best of our resources, acknowledging that everything we have is from Him.
Guys, if we can make sure the computer sound is on for this next video.
We've seen this video before.
We've played it during
offering time, but I think it provides the best teaching I've seen in a long time on this subject of first fruits.
Take a listen.
Two men bring an offering to the Lord, one of the fruit of the ground, the other, the first born of His flock.
God accepts one and rejects the other.
Why?
Now Abel was a keeper of sheep, but Cain was a tiller of the ground.
And in the process of time, it came to pass that Cain brought an offering of the fruit of the ground to the Lord.
Abel also brought the firstborn of his flock and of their fat.
The word tells us clearly that the offering Abel brought was the firstborn of his flock.
But it doesn't say that Cain brought the first fruits of his crops.
It simply says, in the process of time Cain brought an offering.
Cain harvested his crops and over time gathered enough to bring an offering.
It wasn't offering on Cain's terms.
God accepted Abel's offering because it was the first of his increase.
Cain's offering was rejected because it wasn't the first of his.
Giving the first to God requires faith.
When a first born lamb is born in a flock, it's not possible to know how many more lambs that you might produce.
But Abel gave his first born lamb in faith.
Whereas Cain made sure he had enough for himself before giving to God.
Many of us treat God the same way as Cain, making sure we have enough money before we see if there's anything left for God.
Even if we give from what's left over, God can't accept the offering because it's not the first fruit.
Other stories emphasize this truth.
In the account of the fall of Jericho, the Lord gave strict instructions that the Israelites were not to keep any of the spoils from Jericho.
All of it belonged to him, the Lord declared.
Jericho belonged to the Lord because it was the first city conquered in the promised land.
It was the first fruits.
God withheld his blessing from Israel when one man took some of the spoils for himself.
The first belongs to God.
There was much more at stake than money when Abraham offered his firstborn son Isaac.
When God asked for his son, Abraham didn't wait to have ten sons before giving Isaac.
He gave the first when he only had one to give.
Abraham had only the promise of having no sons.
It took faith for Abraham to offer Isaac.
Faith that God respected and blessed.
And God did the same for us.
He gave his first in the form of his son.
He's first and only begotten the Son, who has given to us while we were still sinners.
God gave Jesus in faith that we might one day give our lives to Him.
The gift of His Son came before the blessing of our repentance and salvation.
We give our first fruits in much the same way.
Before we see the blessing of God, we give it in faith.
Giving the first fruit of your income says to God, I recognize you first.
I'm putting you first in my life, and I trust you to take care of the rest.
Oh, of first fruits, it challenges us to prioritize God in our finances, even when times are tough.
It's a principle for us to learn.
It's a principle for us to practice.
That no matter what, what was the phrase that came over in faith?
Believing, knowing that God is able, that God is going to take care of.
In a community where financial pressure is a reality, in the city of St. Louis, again, we only need to look at
newspaper headlines.
This principle is a reminder that putting God first in our finances is a step of faith that he'll bless.
And when we talk about offering hope and healing, we have to understand that principle before we can ever help somebody else.
We have to understand how to manage our resources wisely, because stewardship isn't only about giving, but it's about managing what God has entrusted to us.
Proverbs chapter 20, I'm sorry, 21 and verse 20.
Guys, you'll need to put that there for me, thank you.
Says that the wise have wealth and luxury, but fools spend whatever they get.
If you know what a litmus test is,
Simply a test that you can take against yourself.
Where do you fall on these two?
There's two categories.
The whys have wealth and luxury, but fools spend whatever they get.
Now situations may dictate that money gets spent and you kind of have to go down to the end of the money before the end of the month.
But the wisdom is is that as we talked last year in our stewardship campaign,
that we learn how to budget, we learn how to give our money, an assignment, we make our money work for us, we don't work for it.
Do you remember that phrase?
Money works for us, we don't work for money.
See this passage highlights the importance of planning, saving, and wisely managing
the resources that God has entrusted to us.
Practical stewardship in our community can involve budgeting, avoiding unnecessary debt, and making wise investments that can help not only ourselves but others in the long run.
And then finally, the third way that we can be effective witnesses
to the city of St. Louis offering hope and healing is by encouraging community empowerment through entrepreneurship and job creation.
Now, the first two are about us.
They're looking inward.
We have to manage our resources.
We need to know who the ultimate provider is and we need to be able to communicate that to a lost and dying world.
We need to be able to practice what we know.
We know that the father is the ultimate and we need to be able to practice that in our daily lives.
Why?
This third point answers the why.
It's so that we can then take and go outside these four walls.
We can take our message of being hope and healing to the city of St. Louis.
Deuteronomy chapter eight and verse 18 says, remember the Lord, your God.
He is the one who gives you power to be successful in order to fulfill the covenant he confirmed to your ancestors with an oath.
He is the one who provides the power.
We have an opportunity to communicate, to share, to empower individuals with God-given abilities if we can lead them to the foot of the cross.
God has given each one of us unique talents and abilities to create wealth.
In a community like ours where economic disparity is prevalent, listen, you don't need to look anywhere farther than out, well,
I start to see out our front doors, but it's probably more apropos to look out our back door and look at the big huge mansions that literally butt up against the back of our property.
And if you were to drive Hawthorne and I forget the name of the other street, but and loop around those that neighborhood and the beautiful mansions.
And then if you were to drive just a few blocks, the disparity from those houses to those houses,
is night and day.
It's essential for us to encourage our neighbors.
It's upon us to offer hope and healing.
How do we connect with a city that is in such need?
How does the church become the hands and feet of Jesus?
What did Jesus do?
He went
to the struggling fishermen, they weren't having a very good day, were they?
They were throwing their nets and they weren't catching anything.
So what was the economic outcome or outlook, poverty?
They were struggling.
And he comes and he says, hey, listen, I'm paraphrasing, putting a couple stories together, you get the concept.
He's like, listen.
Number one, three nets on the other side.
This isn't rocket science.
But I'm going to bless you, throw your nuts on the other side.
He says, come and follow me.
I'm going to show you a better way.
I'm going to make you fishers of men.
He says, I'm going to take you and I'm going to train you.
I'm going to walk you through and I'm going to give you a different direction to walk in life.
I'm going to take care of your spiritual need.
And in so doing, I'm also then, what would we talk about earlier?
I'm gonna provide for your physical need.
I'm gonna take the two together and I'm gonna provide for you.
And so we as the church, being the hands and feet of Jesus, how can we take a community and say, listen, come, we will train you, we will teach you, we will answer the spiritual need, but we'll also help you with the physical need.
We'll help you meet
physical situations.
We need to recognize and nurture God-given abilities in other people, helping individuals in our community.
I don't know.
I'm just what we would call, say, spitballing this.
But what if
We helped them start businesses.
We have people in our church that are doctors.
We have people in our church that are experts in finance.
We have people in our church that are expert in mental health.
We have people in our church who have run or own businesses.
And they've already navigated the situation with city hall and licenses and permits and health department and all of those things that are necessary.
And we can come and say, hey, listen, I've already done this.
Let me come and let me work with you.
Let me partner with you.
because I see that you have a need and I want to be able to be Jesus to you today.
Because see, the church has a role in economic empowerment.
I know we don't always see it that way, but the church's stretch needs to be beyond the four walls of this building.
If your heart is only the church and you come and you get here inside these four walls, now I don't want you to raise your hand, but how many of you have been to the other parts of our property?
Been to the church office, been down to the basement, the fellowship hall, the space under here, right now it's got a lot of storage stuff.
Been to the second floor, third floor,
I would guess I hope most of you, but maybe not.
But our church exists beyond just this room or these two rooms.
And the reach and the hands of the church need to exist and stretch out beyond even the property boundaries.
The church has a role in supporting, keyword supporting,
job creation and entrepreneurship.
We might offer things like training programs, financial literacy courses, networking opportunities, opportunities to connect individuals with resources and mentors.
Some of us work at companies that if we were to say, hey, listen, boss, would you come to church with me or would you come to my church?
Not on a Sunday morning, but on a Saturday afternoon job fair.
I want to connect you with some people that I know that all they're really looking for is a hand up.
All they're not looking for a handout.
They're looking for a hand up.
They've struggled for six months, nine months, a year to find a job.
They already have a degree in X or they're willing to be trained in our entry level position that our company provides.
We have opportunities to take what God has given us physical things, not just our spiritual, and offer it beyond the four walls.
The early church did this to a degree.
Look at Acts chapter two verses 44 through 45.
It says, and all the believers met together in one place and shared everything they had.
They sold their property and possessions and shared the money with those in need.
They created a community that supported each other.
See, today we can follow this model by creating initiatives that provide economic opportunities within our community, reflecting God's love and provision.
Many of you know, but not all of you know, this last year, this year we created another nonprofit,
that we call Berea community outreach.
Now why did we do that?
Because we have a daycare and under our Assemblies of God non-profit status, we can't have those kinds of ministries because our non-profit status as an organization comes from the National Assemblies of God office through the district office down to us.
There's rules that we have to follow according to them and according to the federal government.
So to be able to provide our daycare and to do what we were doing there, we had to have another.
So this is different than maybe a different nonprofit.
This one is we are Berea Temple International Church.
We're Berea Temple legally.
And then we have Berea Community Outreach.
There are two sides of the same coin.
One side is our church.
The other side is our outreach opportunity to be able to do stuff as the church
together.
Same organization, now they have separate boards because the federal government requires that.
But we have two opportunities.
This is where Berea Community Outreach comes into play in the practical side
of the life of the church is being able to take things like these training classes, being able to offer these initiatives that we just talked about.
And we can have, we now have the ability to put an umbrella in place and say, hey, listen, we as Berea Temple, Berea Temple, the church, the outreach, want to offer hope and healing to our community.
But it all starts with us.
It all starts with ourselves.
It all starts here in our individual hearts.
So as we close, we're gonna kind of wrap this up.
We talked about two things that are inward and we talked about the second one or the reason, if you will, the why of why we need to do this.
I want us to take one last look at the empty jar.
Sitting up here on the communion table,
The jar represents more than just a simple illustration for my sermon.
It symbolizes our journey of faith and our trust in God's provision.
Throughout our time, our message today, we looked at how at our lives, like this jar, and how they may feel empty.
Whether it's due to financial struggles, a lack of direction, or overwhelming pressures that life puts upon us.
But the message that we want to share today is this.
God is ready to fill our empty jars overflowing them with his provision, wisdom, and grace, both individually and as a church, corporately.
So I want us to look back on our message.
We looked at trusting in God's provision,
Just as I shared my pastor's story at the beginning, we're reminded that God is our ultimate provider.
When we place our trust in Him, He meets our needs according to His riches and His glory, not ours.
Whether we see the jar as half empty or half full, God sees it as overflowing with His blessing.
Second thing we looked at was practicing biblical stewardship.
We honor God when we give Him our first fruits, and we manage our resources wisely.
Stewardship isn't just about giving, it's about making every aspect of our financial lives a reflection of God's kingdom and His values.
When we manage well what He's given us, we position ourselves to be a blessing to others.
And then the last thing we looked at was empowering our community.
We're called to take what God has filled our jars with and pour it out into our community.
That is the pouring out of the overflowing.
It's not to just pour out and to cover us, but it is to take the jar and to pour it out into our community by encouraging whether entrepreneurship, job creation, or economic empowerment.
We not only secure our futures, but we also lead by example in our community offering hope and healing to those around us.
Let's pray.
Father, we come before you today with hearts open to the truth of your word.
We thank you for reminding us that you are the ultimate provider, that you care for every detail of our lives and that you have called us to be good stewards of all that you have entrusted to us.
We ask for your wisdom as we navigate our finances and our resources that we might honor you in everything that we do.
Lord, we pray for our community.
We pray for Compton Heights.
We pray for South City St. Louis.
We pray for the metro area of St. Louis and for those that are struggling with economic uncertainty and for those who feel like their jars are empty, fill them with your provision.
We pray.
Fill them with your peace.
Fill them with your hope and help us as a church to be light in this city leading by example and offering tangible hope
and healing to those around us.
Every head bowed and every eye still closed.
If you're here today and you've never experienced the fullness that comes from a relationship with Jesus, I want you to know that he's offering to fill your jar, your life with something far greater than anything this world can provide.
He offers you eternal life, hope and a relationship with the living God.
If you feel that emptiness,
and you want to experience the fullness of life in Christ today, I want to invite you to ask Him into your heart.
All it takes is a simple prayer, asking Jesus to come into your life, to forgive your sins, and to fill you with His Spirit.
But for those of us that are here and we already know Christ, we already have believed in Him.
This is a call to trust Him more deeply, especially in the areas of provision and stewardship.
Maybe your jar feels half-empty or perhaps you've been holding on too tightly to what God has entrusted to you.
Today, I want to challenge you to surrender every part of your life, your finances, your fears, your future to the Almighty, to the one who is the provider.
Trust Him to fill your jar and then pour it out to bless others in our community.
So as our worship team sings out our final song today, I want you to come.
If you need to give your heart and life to Jesus, I invite you to come and find one of us.
If you would like to find a place of prayer, either in your seat or out at the altar, or if you just need prayer for something else,
Please come as we sing our closing song.
Father, we pray for each soul that is here.
May your word and way have control in the name of Jesus.
The altars are open.
You're invited to come as we sing.